Improve contributing.md (#2103)
port-labs/port-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Images should have a proper `width` defined, so they are scaled properly. See **full example** below.
- **Full example:**
`<img src='/img/software-catalog/pages/excludePropertiesForm.png' width='50%' border='1px' />`
- Consider using GIFs when you think they will better convey what you're trying to demonstrate.
- Include alt text for all images to improve accessibility.
- Ensure screenshots are current and reflect the latest UI.

### Code examples

> - Always include `showLineNumbers` for multi-line code blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always include `showLineNumbers` for code blocks with more than one line.
```

- Test all code examples to ensure they work as documented.
- Include comments in code examples to explain complex or non-obvious parts.

### Hierarchy changes

- If you move/delete/change the path of a file, check to see if its URL is used in other places such as:
    - The main Port monorepo.
    - Port's marketing site.
    - Port's Github action.
    - Any other place that may be relevant to the page you're changing.
- Consider adding a redirect in our Amplify (hosting service), this is especially useful when moving/changing entire directories. Talk to @Hadar to achieve this.

### Admonitions

- Use the type that best fits the nature of your text. The available types can be found [here](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions).
- Always include a title, this makes the admonition's purpose clearer and increases the chance that readers will not skip it if it's relevant to them.
- Full example:
:::tip Supported versions
Content goes here
:::
- Use admonitions sparingly to highlight important information. Overuse reduces their effectiveness.
- Choose the appropriate admonition type based on the content:

>   - `note`: For general information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
